[TT-11434, DX-1154] Update the theme upgrade guide for the EDP. (#4208)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-enterprise-developer-portal/upgrading/theme-upgrades.md

```console
git checkout tags/1.8.3 -b my-custom-theme branch
```

To organise local development in a way that facilitates seamless theme updates using git merge, follow the steps below:
1. To start with, fork the `portal-default-theme` repo in [github](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/portal-default-theme).
   {{< img src="/img/dashboard/portal-management/enterprise-portal/fork-portal-theme-repo.png" alt="Fork the portal-theme repo" >}}

2. Clone the forked repository after you have forked it:
```console
git clone https://github.com/my-github-profile/portal-default-theme && cd ./portal-default-theme
```

3. If you are working with an already existing repository, check if you already have the `portal-default-theme` repo among your remotes before adding it. Execute the following command to check:
```console
git remote -v | grep 'TykTechnologies/portal-default-theme'
```

Skip the next step if you see the following:
```console
# portal-default-theme  https://github.com/TykTechnologies/portal-default-theme (fetch)
# portal-default-theme  https://github.com/TykTechnologies/portal-default-theme (push)
```

> If the output of the above command is empty, proceed to the next step to add the `portal-default-theme`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the output of the above command is empty, proceed to step 5 to add the `portal-default-theme`.
```

4. Add the `portal-default-theme` to the remotes by executing the following command:
```console
git remote add portal-default-theme https://github.com/TykTechnologies/portal-default-theme
```

5. Create a new local branch that tracks the remote `main` branch. That branch will mirror the latest changes from the `portal-default-theme` main. You will be using it to bring the latest changes from the `portal-default-theme` to your custom theme:
```console
git fetch portal-default-theme main:portal-default-theme-main
```

> In case you already have a local branch that track the `main` branch in the `portal-default-theme` repo, you can just pull the latest updates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an existing local branch that tracks the `main` branch in the `portal-default-theme` repo, you can just pull the latest updates:
```

```console
git checkout portal-default-theme-main
git pull portal-default-theme main
```

6. To start customising the theme, create a local develop branch from the `portal-default-theme-main`:
```console
git checkout portal-default-theme-main
git checkout -b dev-branch
```

7. Once the required customisations are completed, commit the changes to the `dev-branch`.

> 8. Lastly, to bring the latest updates from the `portal-default-theme` to the `dev-branch` merge `portal-default-theme-main` into the `dev-branch`. Please remember to always update the `portal-default-theme-main` before merging to get the latest changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Merge the latest updates from the `portal-default-theme` into the `dev-branch`. Please remember to always pull the latest changes from the `portal-default-theme-main` branch before merging:
```

  - Checkout to the portal-default-theme-main and fetch the latest changes.
    ```console
    git checkout portal-default-theme-main
    git pull portal-default-theme main
    ```

>   - Checkout to the dev-branch and merge it with the portal-default-theme-main to merge the latest changes from the portal-default-theme repo with the customised theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Checkout the dev-branch and merge the changes from the portal-default-theme-main to retrieve the latest changes from the portal-default-theme repo with the customised theme.
```

    ```console
    git checkout dev-branch
    git merge portal-default-theme-main
    ```

> Then address merge conflicts and commit changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, address merge conflicts and commit changes.
```

{{< note success >}}

> **You have successfully updated you custom theme**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**You have successfully updated your custom theme**
```
